docs/guides/cloudfront-router.md, before:

# AWS CloudFront (CDN)

This guide explains how to expose different Stelvio components to the web using a CloudFront Router.

AWS CloudFront is primarily a CDN (Content Delivery Network). That means the CloudFront service can globally cache resources (called origins), typically static resources like S3 buckets.

Because CloudFront allows executing small functions to manipulate request objects before they hit the origin, we can use CloudFront as a routing component: We can map components to paths and disable caching for dynamic origins like APIs.

## Router

Let's assume, our web app consists of two components:
- An **S3 Bucket** that contains publicly accessible files
- An **API Gateway** that contains our application logic

We want to access our components with the following paths:
- `/api/*` -> should hit the API Gateway
- `/files` -> should hit the S3 bucket

The way to configure this in Stelvio looks like this:

```python
@app.run
def run() -> None:
    domain_name = "example.com"

    bucket = Bucket("static-files-bucket")

    api = Api("my-api")
    api.route("GET", "/api", "functions/hello.handler")

    router = Router("rtr-test", custom_domain=domain_name)
    router.route("/files", bucket)
    router.route("/api", api)
```

The crucial part here is the line `router = Router("rtr-test", custom_domain=...)`.
This creates a CloudFront Router component.

With this component, you can add routes to your existing components as such:
```python
router.route("/files", bucket)
router.route("/api", api)
```

You might wonder why there is another route definition from the ApiGateway:

```python
api.route("GET", "/api", "functions/hello.handler")
```

The reason for this is that the CloudFront Router sits just in front of all other components from a visitor's perspective.
Your API Gateway handles all its internal routes by itself, as outlined in the [API Gateway Guide](/guides/api-gateway/).

The CloudFront Route (`router.route("/api", api)`) now maps every incoming request to the API Gateway and strips the `/api` prefix. This way, your API Gateway does not need to know anything about the incoming `/api` prefix.

Similarly, the S3 Bucket has its internal structure of objects. Let's say, you have an object called "hello.txt" in your bucket. If you'd expose the bucket to the web as outlined in the [Custom Domain Guide](/guides/dns/), you'd access that file via `https://example.com/hello.txt`. However, that's not what our intention was initially: We want to access that file via `https://example.com/files/hello.txt`. This is what the CloudFront route is for: It takes the incoming request, strips the `files/` part and directs it to the bucket origin.

#### Route ordering and path matching

CloudFront matches routes based on the order of precedence in the distribution configuration. To make this behavior intuitive, **Stelvio automatically sorts your routes by path specificity**. This means more specific paths always take precedence over less specific ones, regardless of the order you define them in your code.

For example:

```python
router = Router("MyRouter")
router.route("/api", api)           # Less specific
router.route("/api/admin", admin)   # More specific
```

In this case, requests to `/api/admin/users` will hit the `admin` origin, while `/api/users` will hit the `api` origin—regardless of which route was added first.

!!! note "Path matching rules"
    - Longer, more specific paths take priority over shorter ones
    - The root path `/` acts as a catch-all for unmatched requests
    - If no root path is defined, unmatched requests return a 404 response

#### Lambda Function URL Configuration

A standalone Lambda function (as outlined in the [Lambda Guide](/guides/lambda/)) can have a Function URL config attached.

If you want to handle a Lambda function with this router, Stelvio defaults to using IAM authentication (`auth="iam"`). This ensures that your Lambda function is not directly accessible from the public internet, but only through the CloudFront Router (which signs requests).

You can explicitly set `auth=None` if you want the Lambda function to remain publicly accessible directly via its Function URL, but the recommended pattern is to restrict access to the Router.

Here is how it works:

```python
# Create the Lambda function
fn = Function("MyFunction", handler="functions/api.handler")

# Create the router
router = Router("MyRouter")

# Override CORS (auth defaults to "iam")
router.route("/api", fn, function_url={"cors": {...}})

# Override streaming (auth defaults to "iam")
router.route("/api", fn, function_url={"streaming": True})
```

Key takeaway: When `auth` is omitted or set to `"default"`, `Router` defaults to `"iam"`.


#### S3 Buckets cache behavior

When routing a path to an S3 bucket, the default cache values are set like this:

```python
default_ttl = 86400 # 1 day
max_ttl: 31536000 # 1 year
```

This is a sane default to take advantage of the reduced traffic costs in CloudFront (compared to S3).
If you need to invalidate the cache, you can use the `aws` CLI:

```bash
# Distribution ID is printed during deploy or via: stlv outputs

# Invalidate all cached content
aws cloudfront create-invalidation \
  --distribution-id E1234567890ABC \
  --paths "/*"

# Invalidate specific paths
aws cloudfront create-invalidation \
  --distribution-id E1234567890ABC \
  --paths "/index.html" "/assets/*"
```

!!! note "Costs associated with cache invalidation"
    - First 1,000 invalidation paths/month are free
    - `/*` counts as 1 path (invalidates everything)

!!! note "When to invalidate cache"
    If your S3 objects use stable (non-versioned) names (no hash, timestamp, or random suffix),
    you must invalidate the affected paths (or `/*`) after updating them; otherwise CloudFront
    may continue serving stale cached content until the TTL expires.


Future versions of Stelvio will allow customizing the cache time values.

### Forwarding to external URLs

You can add an external URL (instead of a component) as a origin target for the `Router` like so:

```python
router.route("/echo", "https://example.com")
```

This means that all requests to `/echo` on the `Router`'s domain will be proxied to `https://example.com`.

**Note**: The `Host` header is rewritten, so that every request to this external URL is sent with the `Host` header of the origin domain (`example.com` in the example).


## Why you need it

If you want to expose multiple AWS resources on the same domain, Stelvio's CloudFront Router is the way to go.

Let's say you have an SPA (Single Page Application) with static resources and an Api Gateway as a backend. You might want to expose them on the **same domain** to avoid dealing with complex CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) settings.

## Supported Origins

As of now, Stelvio supports the following components as origins for the CloudFront Router:

- S3 Bucket
- API Gateway
- Lambda Function (using Lambda Function URLs).
- URLs

!!! warning "Each origin can only be used once"
    Each component or URL can only be routed to a single path. You cannot add multiple routes pointing to the same origin. If you need to serve the same component under different paths, consider restructuring your application or using path patterns within your component.

## Use with custom domains

If you're using the `custom_domain` argument for the `Router` component, keep in mind that this might conflict with existing `custom_domain` settings on the origin components.

For example, if you have set a custom domain on your API Gateway like in the following example, the same custom domain must not be used for the `Router` component:

```python
api = Api("MyApi", custom_domain='example.com')
api.route("GET", "/", "functions/api.handler")

router = Router("MyRouter", custom_domain='example.com')
router.route("/api", api)
```

It is however possible to use different sub-domains on components used by the `Router` like so:

```python
api = Api("MyApi", custom_domain='api.example.com')
api.route("GET", "/", "functions/api.handler")

router = Router("MyRouter", custom_domain='example.com')
router.route("/api", api)
```


### Parameters

| Parameter       | Description                                                                                                                                            |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `custom_domain` | The custom domain name for router endpoint. If provided, a DNS record will be created for the CloudFront router. Optional. A `str`. |

Commit message:

feat: `Router` accepts routes only before accessing `resources`

docs/guides/cloudfront-router.md, after:

# AWS CloudFront (CDN)

This guide explains how to expose different Stelvio components to the web using a CloudFront Router.

AWS CloudFront is primarily a CDN (Content Delivery Network). That means the CloudFront service can globally cache resources (called origins), typically static resources like S3 buckets.

Because CloudFront allows executing small functions to manipulate request objects before they hit the origin, we can use CloudFront as a routing component: We can map components to paths and disable caching for dynamic origins like APIs.

## Router

Let's assume, our web app consists of two components:
- An **S3 Bucket** that contains publicly accessible files
- An **API Gateway** that contains our application logic

We want to access our components with the following paths:
- `/api/*` -> should hit the API Gateway
- `/files` -> should hit the S3 bucket

The way to configure this in Stelvio looks like this:

```python
@app.run
def run() -> None:
    domain_name = "example.com"

    bucket = Bucket("static-files-bucket")

    api = Api("my-api")
    api.route("GET", "/api", "functions/hello.handler")

    router = Router("rtr-test", custom_domain=domain_name)
    router.route("/files", bucket)
    router.route("/api", api)
```

The crucial part here is the line `router = Router("rtr-test", custom_domain=...)`.
This creates a CloudFront Router component.

With this component, you can add routes to your existing components as such:
```python
router.route("/files", bucket)
router.route("/api", api)
```

You might wonder why there is another route definition from the ApiGateway:

```python
api.route("GET", "/api", "functions/hello.handler")
```

The reason for this is that the CloudFront Router sits just in front of all other components from a visitor's perspective.
Your API Gateway handles all its internal routes by itself, as outlined in the [API Gateway Guide](/guides/api-gateway/).

The CloudFront Route (`router.route("/api", api)`) now maps every incoming request to the API Gateway and strips the `/api` prefix. This way, your API Gateway does not need to know anything about the incoming `/api` prefix.

Similarly, the S3 Bucket has its internal structure of objects. Let's say, you have an object called "hello.txt" in your bucket. If you'd expose the bucket to the web as outlined in the [Custom Domain Guide](/guides/dns/), you'd access that file via `https://example.com/hello.txt`. However, that's not what our intention was initially: We want to access that file via `https://example.com/files/hello.txt`. This is what the CloudFront route is for: It takes the incoming request, strips the `files/` part and directs it to the bucket origin.

#### Route ordering and path matching

CloudFront matches routes based on the order of precedence in the distribution configuration. To make this behavior intuitive, **Stelvio automatically sorts your routes by path specificity**. This means more specific paths always take precedence over less specific ones, regardless of the order you define them in your code.

For example:

```python
router = Router("MyRouter")
router.route("/api", api)           # Less specific
router.route("/api/admin", admin)   # More specific
```

In this case, requests to `/api/admin/users` will hit the `admin` origin, while `/api/users` will hit the `api` origin—regardless of which route was added first.

!!! note "Path matching rules"
    - Longer, more specific paths take priority over shorter ones
    - The root path `/` acts as a catch-all for unmatched requests
    - If no root path is defined, unmatched requests return a 404 response

!!! warning "Routes must be defined before resource creation"
    All routes must be added to the Router before its resources are created. Once the Router's CloudFront distribution and related resources have been provisioned, attempting to add new routes will raise a `RuntimeError`. Define all your routes immediately after creating the Router instance.

#### Lambda Function URL Configuration

A standalone Lambda function (as outlined in the [Lambda Guide](/guides/lambda/)) can have a Function URL config attached.

If you want to handle a Lambda function with this router, Stelvio defaults to using IAM authentication (`auth="iam"`). This ensures that your Lambda function is not directly accessible from the public internet, but only through the CloudFront Router (which signs requests).

You can explicitly set `auth=None` if you want the Lambda function to remain publicly accessible directly via its Function URL, but the recommended pattern is to restrict access to the Router.

Here is how it works:

```python
# Create the Lambda function
fn = Function("MyFunction", handler="functions/api.handler")

# Create the router
router = Router("MyRouter")

# Override CORS (auth defaults to "iam")
router.route("/api", fn, function_url={"cors": {...}})

# Override streaming (auth defaults to "iam")
router.route("/api", fn, function_url={"streaming": True})
```

Key takeaway: When `auth` is omitted or set to `"default"`, `Router` defaults to `"iam"`.


#### S3 Buckets cache behavior

When routing a path to an S3 bucket, the default cache values are set like this:

```python
default_ttl = 86400 # 1 day
max_ttl: 31536000 # 1 year
```

This is a sane default to take advantage of the reduced traffic costs in CloudFront (compared to S3).
If you need to invalidate the cache, you can use the `aws` CLI:

```bash
# Distribution ID is printed during deploy or via: stlv outputs

# Invalidate all cached content
aws cloudfront create-invalidation \
  --distribution-id E1234567890ABC \
  --paths "/*"

# Invalidate specific paths
aws cloudfront create-invalidation \
  --distribution-id E1234567890ABC \
  --paths "/index.html" "/assets/*"
```

!!! note "Costs associated with cache invalidation"
    - First 1,000 invalidation paths/month are free
    - `/*` counts as 1 path (invalidates everything)

!!! note "When to invalidate cache"
    If your S3 objects use stable (non-versioned) names (no hash, timestamp, or random suffix),
    you must invalidate the affected paths (or `/*`) after updating them; otherwise CloudFront
    may continue serving stale cached content until the TTL expires.


Future versions of Stelvio will allow customizing the cache time values.

### Forwarding to external URLs

You can add an external URL (instead of a component) as a origin target for the `Router` like so:

```python
router.route("/echo", "https://example.com")
```

This means that all requests to `/echo` on the `Router`'s domain will be proxied to `https://example.com`.

**Note**: The `Host` header is rewritten, so that every request to this external URL is sent with the `Host` header of the origin domain (`example.com` in the example).


## Why you need it

If you want to expose multiple AWS resources on the same domain, Stelvio's CloudFront Router is the way to go.

Let's say you have an SPA (Single Page Application) with static resources and an Api Gateway as a backend. You might want to expose them on the **same domain** to avoid dealing with complex CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) settings.

## Supported Origins

As of now, Stelvio supports the following components as origins for the CloudFront Router:

- S3 Bucket
- API Gateway
- Lambda Function (using Lambda Function URLs).
- URLs

!!! warning "Each origin can only be used once"
    Each component or URL can only be routed to a single path. You cannot add multiple routes pointing to the same origin. If you need to serve the same component under different paths, consider restructuring your application or using path patterns within your component.

## Use with custom domains

If you're using the `custom_domain` argument for the `Router` component, keep in mind that this might conflict with existing `custom_domain` settings on the origin components.

For example, if you have set a custom domain on your API Gateway like in the following example, the same custom domain must not be used for the `Router` component:

```python
api = Api("MyApi", custom_domain='example.com')
api.route("GET", "/", "functions/api.handler")

router = Router("MyRouter", custom_domain='example.com')
router.route("/api", api)
```

It is however possible to use different sub-domains on components used by the `Router` like so:

```python
api = Api("MyApi", custom_domain='api.example.com')
api.route("GET", "/", "functions/api.handler")

router = Router("MyRouter", custom_domain='example.com')
router.route("/api", api)
```


### Parameters

| Parameter       | Description                                                                                                                                            |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `custom_domain` | The custom domain name for router endpoint. If provided, a DNS record will be created for the CloudFront router. Optional. A `str`. |
