docs/guides/queues.md, before:

# Working with Queues in Stelvio

Stelvio supports creating and managing [Amazon SQS (Simple Queue Service)](https://aws.amazon.com/sqs/) queues using the `Queue` component. This allows you to build decoupled, event-driven architectures with reliable message delivery.

## Creating a Queue

Create a queue by instantiating the `Queue` component in your `stlv_app.py`:

```python
from stelvio.aws.queue import Queue
from stelvio.aws.function import Function

@app.run
def run() -> None:
    # Create a standard queue
    orders_queue = Queue("orders")

    # Link it to a function
    order_processor = Function(
        "process-orders",
        handler="functions/orders.handler",
        links=[orders_queue],
    )
```

## Queue Configuration

Configure your queue with custom settings:

```python
from stelvio.aws.queue import Queue, QueueConfig

# Using keyword arguments
orders_queue = Queue(
    "orders",
    delay=5,                  # Delay delivery by 5 seconds
    visibility_timeout=60,    # Message hidden for 60 seconds after read
)

# Or using QueueConfig
orders_queue = Queue(
    "orders",
    config=QueueConfig(
        delay=5,
        visibility_timeout=60,
    )
)
```

### Configuration Options

| Option               | Default  | Description                                               |
|----------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| `fifo`               | `False`  | Enable FIFO (First-In-First-Out) queue ordering           |
| `delay`              | `0`      | Default delay (in seconds) before messages become visible |
| `visibility_timeout` | `30`     | Time (in seconds) a message is hidden after being read    |
| `retention`          | `345600` | Message retention period in seconds (default: 4 days)     |
| `dlq`                | `None`   | Dead-letter queue configuration                           |

## FIFO Queues

FIFO queues guarantee exactly-once processing and preserve message order:

```python
orders_queue = Queue("orders", fifo=True)
```

When you create a FIFO queue, Stelvio automatically:

- Adds the `.fifo` suffix to the queue name ([required by AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-fifo-queue-message-identifiers.html))
- Enables content-based deduplication

!!! info "FIFO Queue Naming"
    AWS requires FIFO queue names to end with `.fifo`. Stelvio handles this automatically when you set `fifo=True`.

!!! warning "FIFO Throughput"
    FIFO queues have lower [throughput](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/quotas-messages.html) than standard queues (300 messages/second without batching, 3,000 with high-throughput mode). Use standard queues when message order isn't critical.

## Dead-Letter Queues

Configure a dead-letter queue (DLQ) to capture messages that fail processing:

```python
from stelvio.aws.queue import Queue, DlqConfig

# First, create the DLQ
orders_dlq = Queue("orders-dlq")

# Reference DLQ by Queue component
orders_queue = Queue("orders", dlq=DlqConfig(queue=orders_dlq))

# Custom retry count (default is 3)
orders_queue = Queue(
    "orders",
    dlq=DlqConfig(queue=orders_dlq, retry=5)
)

# Using dictionary syntax
orders_queue = Queue(
    "orders",
    dlq={"queue": orders_dlq, "retry": 5}
)
```

!!! tip "DLQ Best Practices"
    - Always configure a DLQ for production queues to capture failed messages
    - Set up alerts on your DLQ to detect processing failures
    - Choose retry counts based on your use case (typically 3-5 retries)

## Queue Subscriptions

Subscribe Lambda functions to process messages from your queue:

```python
orders_queue = Queue("orders")

# Simple subscription
orders_queue.subscribe("processor", "functions/orders.process")

# Multiple subscriptions with different names
orders_queue.subscribe("analytics", "functions/analytics.track_order")
```

Each subscription creates a separate Lambda function, so you can subscribe the same handler multiple times with different configurations:

```python
orders_queue = Queue("orders")

# Same handler, different batch sizes for different throughput needs
orders_queue.subscribe("fast-processor", "functions/orders.process", batch_size=1)
orders_queue.subscribe("batch-processor", "functions/orders.process", batch_size=100)
```

### Lambda Configuration

Customize the Lambda function for your subscription:

```python
# With direct options
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "processor",
    "functions/orders.process",
    memory=512,
    timeout=60,
)

# With FunctionConfig
from stelvio.aws.function import FunctionConfig

orders_queue.subscribe(
    "processor",
    FunctionConfig(
        handler="functions/orders.process",
        memory=512,
        timeout=60,
    )
)

# With dictionary
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "processor",
    {"handler": "functions/orders.process", "memory": 256}
)
```

### Batch Size

Control how many messages Lambda receives per invocation:

```python
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "batch-processor",
    "functions/orders.process",
    batch_size=5,  # Process 5 messages at a time (default: 10)
)
```

!!! tip "Choosing Batch Size"
    - Smaller batches (1-5): Lower latency, faster processing of individual messages
    - Larger batches (10+): Higher throughput, more efficient for high-volume queues
    - Consider your Lambda timeout when choosing batch size

### Message Filtering

Filter messages before they reach your Lambda function to reduce costs and improve efficiency. SQS uses [AWS EventBridge filter patterns](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-eventfiltering.html#filtering-syntax) to match messages.

```python
# Filter by order type in message body
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-refunds",
    "functions/refunds.handler",
    filters=[{"body": {"orderType": ["refund"]}}]
)

# Filter high-priority customer orders (AND logic within a filter)
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-vip-orders",
    "functions/vip.handler",
    filters=[{
        "body": {
            "customerTier": ["gold", "platinum"],
            "priority": ["high"]
        }
    }]
)

# Multiple filters with OR logic (process returns OR cancellations)
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-exceptions",
    "functions/exceptions.handler",
    filters=[
        {"body": {"orderType": ["return"]}},
        {"body": {"orderType": ["cancellation"]}}
    ]
)

# Filter by message attributes
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-regional",
    "functions/regional.handler",
    filters=[{
        "messageAttributes": {
            "region": ["us-west-2", "us-east-1"]
        }
    }]
)
```

#### Filter Syntax

Filters can match against different parts of an SQS message:

| Field               | Description                                              | Example                                          |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| `body`              | Match fields in the JSON message body                    | `{"body": {"orderType": ["refund"]}}`            |
| `attributes`        | Match SQS system attributes (e.g., `SentTimestamp`)      | `{"attributes": {"SentTimestamp": [...]}}`       |
| `messageAttributes` | Match custom message attributes you set when sending     | `{"messageAttributes": {"priority": ["high"]}}`  |

!!! info "Filter Logic"
    - **Within a filter** (multiple fields): All conditions must match (**AND** logic)
    - **Multiple filters** (list items): Any filter can match (**OR** logic)
    - **Within a field** (array values): Any value can match (**OR** logic)

!!! warning "Filter Limits"
    AWS limits EventSourceMapping filters to a **maximum of 5 filters** per subscription. Stelvio validates this at runtime.

For detailed filter pattern syntax and advanced matching rules, see the [AWS EventBridge filtering documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-eventfiltering.html#filtering-syntax).

### Subscription Permissions

Stelvio automatically configures the necessary IAM permissions for queue subscriptions:

- **EventSourceMapping**: Connects the SQS queue to your Lambda function
- **SQS IAM permissions**: Grants read access (`sqs:ReceiveMessage`, `sqs:DeleteMessage`, `sqs:GetQueueAttributes`)

## Sending Messages

Use the [linking mechanism](linking.md) to send messages to your queue from Lambda functions:

```python
import boto3
import json
from stlv_resources import Resources

def handler(event, context):
    sqs = boto3.client('sqs')

    # Access the linked queue URL
    queue_url = Resources.orders.queue_url

    # Send a message
    response = sqs.send_message(
        QueueUrl=queue_url,
        MessageBody=json.dumps({
            "order_id": "12345",
            "customer": "john@example.com",
            "items": [{"sku": "WIDGET-001", "qty": 2}]
        })
    )

    return {"statusCode": 200, "body": "Message sent!"}
```

### Sending to FIFO Queues

FIFO queues require additional parameters when sending messages:

```python
import boto3
import json
from stlv_resources import Resources

def handler(event, context):
    sqs = boto3.client('sqs')
    
    queue_url = Resources.orders.queue_url
    
    response = sqs.send_message(
        QueueUrl=queue_url,
        MessageBody=json.dumps({"order_id": "12345"}),
        # Required for FIFO queues - messages with same group ID are processed in order
        MessageGroupId="order-processing",
        # Optional if content-based deduplication is enabled (Stelvio enables this by default)
        # MessageDeduplicationId="unique-id-12345",
    )
    
    return {"statusCode": 200, "body": "Message sent!"}
```

!!! info "FIFO Message Parameters"
    - **MessageGroupId** (required): Messages with the same group ID are processed in order. Use different group IDs for messages that can be processed in parallel.
    - **MessageDeduplicationId** (optional): When content-based deduplication is enabled (default in Stelvio), SQS uses a hash of the message body. Provide this explicitly if you need custom deduplication logic.


### Link Properties

When you link a queue to a Lambda function, these properties are available:

| Property     | Description                        |
|--------------|------------------------------------|
| `queue_url`  | The queue URL for sending messages |
| `queue_arn`  | The queue ARN                      |
| `queue_name` | The queue name                     |

### Link Permissions

Linked Lambda functions receive these SQS permissions for sending messages:

- `sqs:SendMessage` - Send messages to the queue
- `sqs:GetQueueAttributes` - Read queue metadata

!!! note "Receiving Messages"
    For processing messages from a queue, use `queue.subscribe()` instead of linking.
    Subscriptions automatically configure the necessary permissions (`sqs:ReceiveMessage`,
    `sqs:DeleteMessage`, `sqs:GetQueueAttributes`) for the Lambda event source mapping.

## Processing Messages

Your Lambda function receives SQS events with batched messages:

```python
import json

def process(event, context):
    """Process SQS messages."""
    for record in event.get('Records', []):
        # Parse the message body
        body = json.loads(record['body'])
        
        order_id = body.get('order_id')
        customer = body.get('customer')
        
        print(f"Processing order {order_id} for {customer}")
        
        # Process the order...
        
    # Return success - SQS will delete processed messages
    return {"statusCode": 200}
```

!!! important "Error Handling"
    - If your Lambda raises an exception, SQS will retry the message after the visibility timeout
    - Successfully processed messages are automatically deleted
    - Failed messages eventually move to the DLQ (if configured)

## Linking vs Subscriptions

| Use Case                    | Approach                                                    |
|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Process queue messages**  | Use `queue.subscribe()` - creates Lambda triggered by queue |
| **Send messages to queue**  | Use `links=[queue]` - grants permissions to send messages   |
| **Pipeline (read → write)** | Subscribe to one queue, link to another for forwarding      |


A common pattern is to combine subscriptions and linking to create multi-stage processing pipelines. 
With this pattern, one Lambda function subscribes to a queue to process incoming messages, then forwards transformed data to a second queue. 
Another Lambda function subscribes to that second queue to handle the next stage of processing.

Here is an example:

```python
# Example: Multi-stage pipeline with two Lambda functions
orders_queue = Queue("orders")
fulfillment_queue = Queue("fulfillment")

# Lambda #1: Process incoming orders and forward to fulfillment
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-orders",
    "functions/orders.process",
    links=[fulfillment_queue],  # Grant permission to send to fulfillment queue
)

# Lambda #2: Process fulfillment tasks
fulfillment_queue.subscribe(
    "fulfill-orders",
    "functions/fulfillment.fulfill",
)
```

This creates a two-stage processing pipeline:

1. **Order Processing Lambda** (`functions/orders.process`):
   - Triggered by messages in `orders_queue`
   - Validates and processes incoming orders
   - Sends fulfillment tasks to `fulfillment_queue`

2. **Fulfillment Lambda** (`functions/fulfillment.fulfill`):
   - Triggered by messages in `fulfillment_queue`
   - Handles order fulfillment (shipping, inventory, etc.)


## Next Steps

Now that you understand SQS queues, you might want to explore:

- [Working with Lambda Functions](lambda.md) - Learn more about Lambda configuration
- [Working with DynamoDB](dynamo-db.md) - Store processed message data
- [Linking](linking.md) - Understand how Stelvio automates IAM permissions

Commit message:

feat: allow customization of pulumi resources props (#120)

docs/guides/queues.md, after:

# Working with Queues in Stelvio

Stelvio supports creating and managing [Amazon SQS (Simple Queue Service)](https://aws.amazon.com/sqs/) queues using the `Queue` component. This allows you to build decoupled, event-driven architectures with reliable message delivery.

## Creating a Queue

Create a queue by instantiating the `Queue` component in your `stlv_app.py`:

```python
from stelvio.aws.queue import Queue
from stelvio.aws.function import Function

@app.run
def run() -> None:
    # Create a standard queue
    orders_queue = Queue("orders")

    # Link it to a function
    order_processor = Function(
        "process-orders",
        handler="functions/orders.handler",
        links=[orders_queue],
    )
```

## Queue Configuration

Configure your queue with custom settings:

```python
from stelvio.aws.queue import Queue, QueueConfig

# Using keyword arguments
orders_queue = Queue(
    "orders",
    delay=5,                  # Delay delivery by 5 seconds
    visibility_timeout=60,    # Message hidden for 60 seconds after read
)

# Or using QueueConfig
orders_queue = Queue(
    "orders",
    config=QueueConfig(
        delay=5,
        visibility_timeout=60,
    )
)
```

### Configuration Options

| Option               | Default  | Description                                               |
|----------------------|----------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| `fifo`               | `False`  | Enable FIFO (First-In-First-Out) queue ordering           |
| `delay`              | `0`      | Default delay (in seconds) before messages become visible |
| `visibility_timeout` | `30`     | Time (in seconds) a message is hidden after being read    |
| `retention`          | `345600` | Message retention period in seconds (default: 4 days)     |
| `dlq`                | `None`   | Dead-letter queue configuration                           |

## FIFO Queues

FIFO queues guarantee exactly-once processing and preserve message order:

```python
orders_queue = Queue("orders", fifo=True)
```

When you create a FIFO queue, Stelvio automatically:

- Adds the `.fifo` suffix to the queue name ([required by AWS](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-fifo-queue-message-identifiers.html))
- Enables content-based deduplication

!!! info "FIFO Queue Naming"
    AWS requires FIFO queue names to end with `.fifo`. Stelvio handles this automatically when you set `fifo=True`.

!!! warning "FIFO Throughput"
    FIFO queues have lower [throughput](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/quotas-messages.html) than standard queues (300 messages/second without batching, 3,000 with high-throughput mode). Use standard queues when message order isn't critical.

## Dead-Letter Queues

Configure a dead-letter queue (DLQ) to capture messages that fail processing:

```python
from stelvio.aws.queue import Queue, DlqConfig

# First, create the DLQ
orders_dlq = Queue("orders-dlq")

# Reference DLQ by Queue component
orders_queue = Queue("orders", dlq=DlqConfig(queue=orders_dlq))

# Custom retry count (default is 3)
orders_queue = Queue(
    "orders",
    dlq=DlqConfig(queue=orders_dlq, retry=5)
)

# Using dictionary syntax
orders_queue = Queue(
    "orders",
    dlq={"queue": orders_dlq, "retry": 5}
)
```

!!! tip "DLQ Best Practices"
    - Always configure a DLQ for production queues to capture failed messages
    - Set up alerts on your DLQ to detect processing failures
    - Choose retry counts based on your use case (typically 3-5 retries)

## Queue Subscriptions

Subscribe Lambda functions to process messages from your queue:

```python
orders_queue = Queue("orders")

# Simple subscription
orders_queue.subscribe("processor", "functions/orders.process")

# Multiple subscriptions with different names
orders_queue.subscribe("analytics", "functions/analytics.track_order")
```

Each subscription creates a separate Lambda function, so you can subscribe the same handler multiple times with different configurations:

```python
orders_queue = Queue("orders")

# Same handler, different batch sizes for different throughput needs
orders_queue.subscribe("fast-processor", "functions/orders.process", batch_size=1)
orders_queue.subscribe("batch-processor", "functions/orders.process", batch_size=100)
```

### Lambda Configuration

Customize the Lambda function for your subscription:

```python
# With direct options
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "processor",
    "functions/orders.process",
    memory=512,
    timeout=60,
)

# With FunctionConfig
from stelvio.aws.function import FunctionConfig

orders_queue.subscribe(
    "processor",
    FunctionConfig(
        handler="functions/orders.process",
        memory=512,
        timeout=60,
    )
)

# With dictionary
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "processor",
    {"handler": "functions/orders.process", "memory": 256}
)
```

### Batch Size

Control how many messages Lambda receives per invocation:

```python
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "batch-processor",
    "functions/orders.process",
    batch_size=5,  # Process 5 messages at a time (default: 10)
)
```

!!! tip "Choosing Batch Size"
    - Smaller batches (1-5): Lower latency, faster processing of individual messages
    - Larger batches (10+): Higher throughput, more efficient for high-volume queues
    - Consider your Lambda timeout when choosing batch size

### Message Filtering

Filter messages before they reach your Lambda function to reduce costs and improve efficiency. SQS uses [AWS EventBridge filter patterns](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-eventfiltering.html#filtering-syntax) to match messages.

```python
# Filter by order type in message body
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-refunds",
    "functions/refunds.handler",
    filters=[{"body": {"orderType": ["refund"]}}]
)

# Filter high-priority customer orders (AND logic within a filter)
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-vip-orders",
    "functions/vip.handler",
    filters=[{
        "body": {
            "customerTier": ["gold", "platinum"],
            "priority": ["high"]
        }
    }]
)

# Multiple filters with OR logic (process returns OR cancellations)
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-exceptions",
    "functions/exceptions.handler",
    filters=[
        {"body": {"orderType": ["return"]}},
        {"body": {"orderType": ["cancellation"]}}
    ]
)

# Filter by message attributes
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-regional",
    "functions/regional.handler",
    filters=[{
        "messageAttributes": {
            "region": ["us-west-2", "us-east-1"]
        }
    }]
)
```

#### Filter Syntax

Filters can match against different parts of an SQS message:

| Field               | Description                                              | Example                                          |
|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| `body`              | Match fields in the JSON message body                    | `{"body": {"orderType": ["refund"]}}`            |
| `attributes`        | Match SQS system attributes (e.g., `SentTimestamp`)      | `{"attributes": {"SentTimestamp": [...]}}`       |
| `messageAttributes` | Match custom message attributes you set when sending     | `{"messageAttributes": {"priority": ["high"]}}`  |

!!! info "Filter Logic"
    - **Within a filter** (multiple fields): All conditions must match (**AND** logic)
    - **Multiple filters** (list items): Any filter can match (**OR** logic)
    - **Within a field** (array values): Any value can match (**OR** logic)

!!! warning "Filter Limits"
    AWS limits EventSourceMapping filters to a **maximum of 5 filters** per subscription. Stelvio validates this at runtime.

For detailed filter pattern syntax and advanced matching rules, see the [AWS EventBridge filtering documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/invocation-eventfiltering.html#filtering-syntax).

### Subscription Permissions

Stelvio automatically configures the necessary IAM permissions for queue subscriptions:

- **EventSourceMapping**: Connects the SQS queue to your Lambda function
- **SQS IAM permissions**: Grants read access (`sqs:ReceiveMessage`, `sqs:DeleteMessage`, `sqs:GetQueueAttributes`)

## Sending Messages

Use the [linking mechanism](linking.md) to send messages to your queue from Lambda functions:

```python
import boto3
import json
from stlv_resources import Resources

def handler(event, context):
    sqs = boto3.client('sqs')

    # Access the linked queue URL
    queue_url = Resources.orders.queue_url

    # Send a message
    response = sqs.send_message(
        QueueUrl=queue_url,
        MessageBody=json.dumps({
            "order_id": "12345",
            "customer": "john@example.com",
            "items": [{"sku": "WIDGET-001", "qty": 2}]
        })
    )

    return {"statusCode": 200, "body": "Message sent!"}
```

### Sending to FIFO Queues

FIFO queues require additional parameters when sending messages:

```python
import boto3
import json
from stlv_resources import Resources

def handler(event, context):
    sqs = boto3.client('sqs')
    
    queue_url = Resources.orders.queue_url
    
    response = sqs.send_message(
        QueueUrl=queue_url,
        MessageBody=json.dumps({"order_id": "12345"}),
        # Required for FIFO queues - messages with same group ID are processed in order
        MessageGroupId="order-processing",
        # Optional if content-based deduplication is enabled (Stelvio enables this by default)
        # MessageDeduplicationId="unique-id-12345",
    )
    
    return {"statusCode": 200, "body": "Message sent!"}
```

!!! info "FIFO Message Parameters"
    - **MessageGroupId** (required): Messages with the same group ID are processed in order. Use different group IDs for messages that can be processed in parallel.
    - **MessageDeduplicationId** (optional): When content-based deduplication is enabled (default in Stelvio), SQS uses a hash of the message body. Provide this explicitly if you need custom deduplication logic.


### Link Properties

When you link a queue to a Lambda function, these properties are available:

| Property     | Description                        |
|--------------|------------------------------------|
| `queue_url`  | The queue URL for sending messages |
| `queue_arn`  | The queue ARN                      |
| `queue_name` | The queue name                     |

### Link Permissions

Linked Lambda functions receive these SQS permissions for sending messages:

- `sqs:SendMessage` - Send messages to the queue
- `sqs:GetQueueAttributes` - Read queue metadata

!!! note "Receiving Messages"
    For processing messages from a queue, use `queue.subscribe()` instead of linking.
    Subscriptions automatically configure the necessary permissions (`sqs:ReceiveMessage`,
    `sqs:DeleteMessage`, `sqs:GetQueueAttributes`) for the Lambda event source mapping.

## Processing Messages

Your Lambda function receives SQS events with batched messages:

```python
import json

def process(event, context):
    """Process SQS messages."""
    for record in event.get('Records', []):
        # Parse the message body
        body = json.loads(record['body'])
        
        order_id = body.get('order_id')
        customer = body.get('customer')
        
        print(f"Processing order {order_id} for {customer}")
        
        # Process the order...
        
    # Return success - SQS will delete processed messages
    return {"statusCode": 200}
```

!!! important "Error Handling"
    - If your Lambda raises an exception, SQS will retry the message after the visibility timeout
    - Successfully processed messages are automatically deleted
    - Failed messages eventually move to the DLQ (if configured)

## Linking vs Subscriptions

| Use Case                    | Approach                                                    |
|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Process queue messages**  | Use `queue.subscribe()` - creates Lambda triggered by queue |
| **Send messages to queue**  | Use `links=[queue]` - grants permissions to send messages   |
| **Pipeline (read → write)** | Subscribe to one queue, link to another for forwarding      |


A common pattern is to combine subscriptions and linking to create multi-stage processing pipelines. 
With this pattern, one Lambda function subscribes to a queue to process incoming messages, then forwards transformed data to a second queue. 
Another Lambda function subscribes to that second queue to handle the next stage of processing.

Here is an example:

```python
# Example: Multi-stage pipeline with two Lambda functions
orders_queue = Queue("orders")
fulfillment_queue = Queue("fulfillment")

# Lambda #1: Process incoming orders and forward to fulfillment
orders_queue.subscribe(
    "process-orders",
    "functions/orders.process",
    links=[fulfillment_queue],  # Grant permission to send to fulfillment queue
)

# Lambda #2: Process fulfillment tasks
fulfillment_queue.subscribe(
    "fulfill-orders",
    "functions/fulfillment.fulfill",
)
```

This creates a two-stage processing pipeline:

1. **Order Processing Lambda** (`functions/orders.process`):
   - Triggered by messages in `orders_queue`
   - Validates and processes incoming orders
   - Sends fulfillment tasks to `fulfillment_queue`

2. **Fulfillment Lambda** (`functions/fulfillment.fulfill`):
   - Triggered by messages in `fulfillment_queue`
   - Handles order fulfillment (shipping, inventory, etc.)

## Customization

The `Queue` component supports the `customize` parameter to override underlying Pulumi resource properties. For an overview of how customization works, see the [Customization guide](customization.md).

### Resource Keys

| Resource Key | Pulumi Args Type                                                                      | Description   |
|--------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| `queue`      | [QueueArgs](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/aws/api-docs/sqs/queue/#inputs)  | The SQS queue |

### Example

```python
queue = Queue(
    "my-queue",
    customize={
        "queue": {
            "kms_master_key_id": "alias/my-key",
        }
    }
)
```

## Next Steps

Now that you understand SQS queues, you might want to explore:

- [Working with Lambda Functions](lambda.md) - Learn more about Lambda configuration
- [Working with DynamoDB](dynamo-db.md) - Store processed message data
- [Linking](linking.md) - Understand how Stelvio automates IAM permissions
