docs/guides/stelvio-app.md, before:

# StelvioApp and stlv_app.py

Every Stelvio project has a `stlv_app.py` file at its root - this is the
cornerstone of your infrastructure definition. The CLI automatically looks for
this file in your current directory.

## Basic Structure

```python
from stelvio.app import StelvioApp
from stelvio.config import StelvioAppConfig, AwsConfig

from stelvio.aws.dynamo_db import DynamoTable
from stelvio.aws.function import Function

# Create your app instance
app = StelvioApp("my-project-name")


# Configuration function - runs first
@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    return StelvioAppConfig()  # Uses default values/setting


# Infrastructure definition - runs after configuration
@app.run
def run() -> None:
    # Create your AWS resources here
    table = DynamoTable(name="users", ...)
    fn = Function(handler="functions/users.process", links=[table])
```

## The Two Required Decorators

For Stelvio to load and work properly you need to create `StelvioApp` object 
with  
`app = StelvioApp("some-name")` and then create two functions. 

One which 
will have `@app.config` decorator and one with `@app.run` decorator.

### @app.config

- **Purpose**: Configures Stelvio for your project and environment
- **Parameters**: `env: str` - the environment name (e.g., "dev", "staging", "
  prod")
- **Returns**: `StelvioAppConfig` object with AWS settings and other
  configuration
- **Timing**: Runs first, before any infrastructure is created

### @app.run

- **Purpose**: Defines your infrastructure components
- **Timing**: Runs after configuration is loaded
- **Requirement**: All Stelvio components must be created inside this function (
  or in modules when using auto-discovery). See [Project Structure](project-structure.md) for details on component creation order.

## Environment-Specific Configuration

You can customize settings based on the environment:

```python
from stelvio.config import AwsConfig, StelvioAppConfig

@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    if env == "prod":
        # Production uses separate AWS account
        return StelvioAppConfig(
            aws=AwsConfig(profile="production-account"),
            environments=["staging", "prod"]
        )

    # Staging/personal use default account
    return StelvioAppConfig(environments=["staging", "prod"])
```

## StelvioApp Class

The `StelvioApp` class is the main entry point for your infrastructure
definition and also defines name of your application.

```python
app = StelvioApp("my-project-name")
```

## Configuration Options

Function marked with `@app.config` decorator must return `StelvioAppConfig` object.
It supports several configuration options:

### AWS Configuration

Both `profile` and `region` are **optional overrides**. When not specified, Stelvio follows the standard AWS credential and region resolution chain.

#### Basic Usage

```python
@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    # Same as 
    # StelvioAppConfig(aws=AwsConfig())
    # Uses standard AWS credential chain described below
    return StelvioAppConfig()  
```

No AWS configuration needed unless you want to override. This uses the standard AWS resolution order for both credentials and region.

#### Credential Resolution Order

Stelvio uses boto3 and Pulumi, both following the AWS SDK credential chain:

1. **Explicit profile parameter** (override in AwsConfig) - determines which profile's credentials to use
2. **Environment variables**: `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`
3. **Assume role providers**: `AWS_ROLE_ARN` + `AWS_WEB_IDENTITY_TOKEN_FILE` (OIDC/web identity), or role assumption configured in `~/.aws/config`
4. **AWS IAM Identity Center (SSO)**: Configured via `aws sso login` and `~/.aws/config`
5. **Shared credentials file**: `~/.aws/credentials`
6. **Shared config file**: `~/.aws/config`
7. **IAM role credentials** (when running in AWS): ECS task role, EC2 instance profile, Lambda execution role

#### Region Resolution Order

1. Explicit `region` parameter (override in AwsConfig)
2. `AWS_REGION` or `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` environment variable
3. Region from selected profile in `~/.aws/config`
4. If none specified, AWS operations will fail

#### Examples

**Use environment variables (CI/CD)**:
```python
# Set in environment: AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY, AWS_REGION
@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    return StelvioAppConfig()  # Uses env vars automatically
```

**Separate profile for production**:
```python
from stelvio.config import AwsConfig

@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    if env == "prod":
        # Production uses separate AWS account
        return StelvioAppConfig(aws=AwsConfig(profile="production-account"))

    # Staging/personal use default account
    return StelvioAppConfig()
```

**Use AWS SSO**:
```bash
aws sso login --profile my-sso-profile
```
```python
from stelvio.config import AwsConfig

@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    if env=="prod":
        profile = "prod-profile" 
    else:
        profile ="my-sso-profile"

    return StelvioAppConfig(
        aws=AwsConfig(profile=profile)
    )
```

**Override region**:
```python
from stelvio.config import AwsConfig

@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    return StelvioAppConfig(aws=AwsConfig(region="eu-west-1"))
``` 

### Environment Validation

```python
@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    return StelvioAppConfig(
        environments=["staging", "prod"]
        # Only these shared environments allowed
    )
```

With this configuration:

- **Anyone** can deploy to their personal environment (username)
- **Only** "staging" and "prod" are accepted as shared environments
- Stelvio will validate environment names and show an error for invalid ones



## Common Patterns

### Environment-Specific Resources

```python
from stelvio.app import context

...

@app.run
def run() -> None:
    env = context().environment

    if env == "prod":
        # Production-specific resources
        prod_only_lambda = Function(name="backup")

    # Common resources for all environments
    main_table = DynamoTable(name="users", ...)
```

## Next Steps

Now that you understand the StelvioApp structure, you might want to explore:

- [Project Structure](project-structure.md) - Learn about organizing your project files
- [Environments](environments.md) - Understand environment management
- [Working with Lambda Functions](lambda.md) - Create your first Lambda function
- [Linking](linking.md) - Connect resources with automatic IAM management
-

Commit message:

feat: live lambda command (#97)
* feat: s3 state sync (#95)

* feat: live lambda command

* fix: tests

docs/guides/stelvio-app.md, after:

# StelvioApp and stlv_app.py

Every Stelvio project has a `stlv_app.py` file at its root - this is the
cornerstone of your infrastructure definition. The CLI automatically looks for
this file in your current directory.

## Basic Structure

```python
from stelvio.app import StelvioApp
from stelvio.config import StelvioAppConfig, AwsConfig

from stelvio.aws.dynamo_db import DynamoTable
from stelvio.aws.function import Function

# Create your app instance
app = StelvioApp("my-project-name")


# Configuration function - runs first
@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    return StelvioAppConfig()  # Uses default values/setting


# Infrastructure definition - runs after configuration
@app.run
def run() -> None:
    # Create your AWS resources here
    table = DynamoTable(name="users", ...)
    fn = Function(handler="functions/users.process", links=[table])
```

## The Two Required Decorators

For Stelvio to load and work properly you need to create `StelvioApp` object 
with  
`app = StelvioApp("some-name")` and then create two functions. 

One which 
will have `@app.config` decorator and one with `@app.run` decorator.

### @app.config

- **Purpose**: Configures Stelvio for your project and environment
- **Parameters**: `env: str` - the environment name (e.g., "dev", "staging", "
  prod")
- **Returns**: `StelvioAppConfig` object with AWS settings and other
  configuration
- **Timing**: Runs first, before any infrastructure is created

### @app.run

- **Purpose**: Defines your infrastructure components
- **Timing**: Runs after configuration is loaded
- **Requirement**: All Stelvio components must be created inside this function (
  or in modules when using auto-discovery). See [Project Structure](project-structure.md) for details on component creation order.

## Environment-Specific Configuration

You can customize settings based on the environment:

```python
from stelvio.config import AwsConfig, StelvioAppConfig

@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    if env == "prod":
        # Production uses separate AWS account
        return StelvioAppConfig(
            aws=AwsConfig(profile="production-account"),
            environments=["staging", "prod"]
        )

    # Staging/personal use default account
    return StelvioAppConfig(environments=["staging", "prod"])
```

## StelvioApp Class

The `StelvioApp` class is the main entry point for your infrastructure
definition and also defines name of your application.

```python
app = StelvioApp("my-project-name")
```

!!! note
    The app name is used to identify your infrastructure state. Changing it creates new resources rather than renaming existing ones. See [State Management - Renaming](state.md#renaming) for details.

## Configuration Options

Function marked with `@app.config` decorator must return `StelvioAppConfig` object.
It supports several configuration options:

### AWS Configuration

Both `profile` and `region` are **optional overrides**. When not specified, Stelvio follows the standard AWS credential and region resolution chain.

#### Basic Usage

```python
@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    # Same as 
    # StelvioAppConfig(aws=AwsConfig())
    # Uses standard AWS credential chain described below
    return StelvioAppConfig()  
```

No AWS configuration needed unless you want to override. This uses the standard AWS resolution order for both credentials and region.

#### Credential Resolution Order

Stelvio uses boto3 and Pulumi, both following the AWS SDK credential chain:

1. **Explicit profile parameter** (override in AwsConfig) - determines which profile's credentials to use
2. **Environment variables**: `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`
3. **Assume role providers**: `AWS_ROLE_ARN` + `AWS_WEB_IDENTITY_TOKEN_FILE` (OIDC/web identity), or role assumption configured in `~/.aws/config`
4. **AWS IAM Identity Center (SSO)**: Configured via `aws sso login` and `~/.aws/config`
5. **Shared credentials file**: `~/.aws/credentials`
6. **Shared config file**: `~/.aws/config`
7. **IAM role credentials** (when running in AWS): ECS task role, EC2 instance profile, Lambda execution role

#### Region Resolution Order

1. Explicit `region` parameter (override in AwsConfig)
2. `AWS_REGION` or `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` environment variable
3. Region from selected profile in `~/.aws/config`
4. If none specified, AWS operations will fail

#### Examples

**Use environment variables (CI/CD)**:
```python
# Set in environment: AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID, AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY, AWS_REGION
@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    return StelvioAppConfig()  # Uses env vars automatically
```

**Separate profile for production**:
```python
from stelvio.config import AwsConfig

@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    if env == "prod":
        # Production uses separate AWS account
        return StelvioAppConfig(aws=AwsConfig(profile="production-account"))

    # Staging/personal use default account
    return StelvioAppConfig()
```

**Use AWS SSO**:
```bash
aws sso login --profile my-sso-profile
```
```python
from stelvio.config import AwsConfig

@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    if env=="prod":
        profile = "prod-profile" 
    else:
        profile ="my-sso-profile"

    return StelvioAppConfig(
        aws=AwsConfig(profile=profile)
    )
```

**Override region**:
```python
from stelvio.config import AwsConfig

@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    return StelvioAppConfig(aws=AwsConfig(region="eu-west-1"))
``` 

### Environment Validation

```python
@app.config
def configuration(env: str) -> StelvioAppConfig:
    return StelvioAppConfig(
        environments=["staging", "prod"]
        # Only these shared environments allowed
    )
```

With this configuration:

- **Anyone** can deploy to their personal environment (username)
- **Only** "staging" and "prod" are accepted as shared environments
- Stelvio will validate environment names and show an error for invalid ones



## Common Patterns

### Environment-Specific Resources

```python
from stelvio.app import context

...

@app.run
def run() -> None:
    env = context().environment

    if env == "prod":
        # Production-specific resources
        prod_only_lambda = Function(name="backup")

    # Common resources for all environments
    main_table = DynamoTable(name="users", ...)
```

## Next Steps

Now that you understand the StelvioApp structure, you might want to explore:

- [Project Structure](project-structure.md) - Learn about organizing your project files
- [Environments](environments.md) - Understand environment management
- [Working with Lambda Functions](lambda.md) - Create your first Lambda function
- [Linking](linking.md) - Connect resources with automatic IAM management
-
